“Screw video games, I’m the only project you’re gonna have today. Don’t make me hunt you down Randy, you know how I get when I want something…”

“I know all too well mom,” I smiled as I left the room.

I went to go to the bathroom but someone was already in there. I knocked (for whatever reason) and Aunt Lisa opened the door wearing a towel that was way too small for her.

“Don’t stare, unless you’re gonna do something about it,” she said.

“All the towels in here and you grab that small ass baby one?”

“I like this baby towel, it compliments my figure. What? You don’t think it looks good?”

I held her gaze as she looked at me. “I smell ulterior motives…”

She grinned and walked up to my ear. “That’s not ulterior motives you’re smelling.”

I’m not gonna lie, when she said that, my cock twitched. She kissed my ear and walked back to her room, giving me a full view of her half covered ass, I guess that towel wasn’t so bad after all. I went back to our room and opened the door to see Rita playing with herself, one hand squeezing her tit, and the other rubbing her pussy. She saw me come in and close the door and started to rub faster. She rubbed herself so fast I thought she was gonna give herself Indian burn, then she let out this little high pitched squeak and slunk back into the bed.

“You just have an orgasm?” I asked.

“Yeah a little one, not like the ones I’m used to though.”

“What if I was dad coming in and you’re just there playing with yourself?”

“Then I bet you he’d knock from now on. I had to entertain myself since you weren’t here.”

“I was gone like five minutes! Bunch of nymphos living here.”

“In girl time that’s like an hour, enough time to go shopping, make dinner, have sex…”

“I call bullshit on the shopping.”

“Smartass. Wait, why’d you say that bunch of nymphos thing? Which one of them hit on you?”

“Both of them.”

“Figures, anytime you go somewhere alone they’re not far behind.”

“Awww you don’t have to be jealous, I know what I have,” I said as I crept on the bed over her.

“And don’t you forget it.”

She hooked her legs around me and yanked me down so I was on top of her and met her lips to mine, and grinds on my cock when she feels it start to get hard.

“I knew you were gonna come in here and fuck her,” Aunt Lisa said from the door.

“What?” I asked stupidly as both Rita and I sat up.

“Honestly, why do you even have a lock on your door? You never use it,” mom said.

“I practically threw myself at you out there! I did everything but tell you to fuck me.”

“Don’t be mad Aunt Lisa, he just loves me more that’s all,” Rita gloated.

“Yeah ok, next time I’ll just be more blunt, no more trying to be cute.”

“What do you mean next time? Who said anything about a next time.”

“There’s always a next time, you should know that by now dear. You can’t be around him all the time,” mom smiled as they left the room.

“We need to get out of here, I don’t feel like fighting them off all day,” Rita said.

“We’ll be fine in here, you can take them both by yourself.”

“Yeah but I don’t WANT TO! They get scrappy when they’re horny.”

“Sounds like someone else I know…”

“Let’s go take a shower, we can figure it out in there.”
